thus LTX 71 concealable mike is part of
the same system that nasa used when they
fake the Apollo moon landings work for
them should give us doing problems they
break it enter how we're doing cause in
positions on the fire escape mothers and
the cable vote pairing to sever master
circuit but they're not thieves we're
getting too old for this they know your
secrets but they're not spies he's got
to be there some earth you don't really
mr. Bishop do minor physical oh wow so
people hire you to break into that
places to make sure no one can break
into that places living not a very good
one now they've got a new client
national security agents I don't work
for the government relax Marty it's just
everybody on your team has had some sort
of problem in their past now what do you
say the NSA killed Kennedy
no they shot him but they didn't kill
him he's still alive they may not want
the job yes I need your help
I will not be dragged back into your
world but they don't have a choice we
don't want to bust you we want to hire
you we're the good guys Marty I can't
tell you what a relief that is dick your
job is to find that little black box
there's a war out there old friend a
world war oh my god oh is this possible
it's not about who's got the most
bullets it's about who controls the
information anybody want to shut down
the power sir hey don't screw around
with that thing look it's all about the
information so it's a code breaker
no it's be covert
battle stations do you have the item can
you guarantee my safety
where it means the item can you
guarantee my safety button you've got
trouble here maybe this might help well
buddy of mine was in Desert Storm sent
it to me horses on the other side I'm an
excellent marksman woman
uncurl gets a fire escape at the end of
the North corridor so that I really know
about 35 second fish hang up it almost
got us
you